doc: Speed up functional test runs using ramdisk (#24707)
bitcoin/bitcoin: test/README.md

The individual tests and the test_runner harness have many command-line
options. Run `test/functional/test_runner.py -h` to see them all.

#### Speed up test runs with a ramdisk

If you have some available RAM on your system you can create a ramdisk to use as the `cache` and `tmp` directories for the functional tests in order to speed them up.
Speed-up amount varies on each system (and according to your ram speed and other variables), but a 2-3x speed-up is not uncommon.

To create a 4GB ramdisk at `/mnt/tmp/`:

```bash
sudo mkdir -p /mnt/tmp
sudo mount -t tmpfs -o size=4g tmpfs /mnt/tmp/
```

Configure the size of the ramdisk using the `size=` option.

> A full test suite run with `--no-cleanup` takes slightly over 8GB of disk space in total, so configuring above this seems unnecessary, however even smaller ramdisks have a great impact on test suite speed.

Reviewer: This should be `--nocleanup`

```suggestion
A full test suite run with `--nocleanup` takes slightly over 8GB of disk space in total, so configuring above this seems unnecessary, however even smaller ramdisks have a great impact on test suite speed.
```

Author: Updated (removed) as kind of irrelevant to the normal usage.
